Support Alarm to dingtalk (#5628)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-alarm.md

    - https://qyapi.weixin.qq.com/cgi-bin/webhook/send?key=dummy_key
```

## Dingtalk Hook
To do this you need to follow the [Dingtalk Webhooks guide](https://ding-doc.dingtalk.com/doc#/serverapi2/qf2nxq/uKPlK) and create new Webhooks.
For security issue, you can config optional secret for individual webhook url.

> The alarm message will send through HTTP post by `application/json` content type if you configured Slack Incoming Webhooks as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alarm message will send through HTTP post by `application/json` content type if you configured Dingtalk Webhooks as following:
```
Copy-Paste issue?

Author: Yes, fixed

```yml
dingtalkHooks:
  textTemplate: |-
    {
      "msgtype": "text",
      "text": {
        "content": "Apache SkyWalking Alarm: \n %s."
      }
    }
  webhooks:
    - url: https://oapi.dingtalk.com/robot/send?access_token=dummy_token
      secret: dummysecret

>     - url: https://oapi.dingtalk.com/robot/send?access_token=dummy_token2
>       secret:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: done
